writing of for to tell
writing to for to tell
writing in for to tell
writing for for to tell
writing with for to tell
writing on for to tell
writing at for to tell
writing by for to tell
writing from for to tell
writing up for to tell
writing about for to tell
writing than for to tell
writing after for to tell
writing before for to tell
writing down for to tell
writing between for to tell
writing under for to tell
writing since for to tell
writing without for to tell
writing near for to tell
writing for of to tell
writing for to to tell
writing for in to tell
writing for for to tell
writing for with to tell
writing for on to tell
writing for at to tell
writing for by to tell
writing for from to tell
writing for up to tell
writing for about to tell
writing for than to tell
writing for after to tell
writing for before to tell
writing for down to tell
writing for between to tell
writing for under to tell
writing for since to tell
writing for without to tell
writing for near to tell
writing for to of tell
writing for to to tell
writing for to in tell
writing for to for tell
writing for to with tell
writing for to on tell
writing for to at tell
writing for to by tell
writing for to from tell
writing for to up tell
writing for to about tell
writing for to than tell
writing for to after tell
writing for to before tell
writing for to down tell
writing for to between tell
writing for to under tell
writing for to since tell
writing for to without tell
writing for to near tell
writing to tell
writing for tell
writing of to tell
writing to to tell
writing in to tell
writing for to tell
writing with to tell
writing on to tell
writing at to tell
writing by to tell
writing from to tell
writing up to tell
writing about to tell
writing than to tell
writing after to tell
writing before to tell
writing down to tell
writing between to tell
writing under to tell
writing since to tell
writing without to tell
writing near to tell
writing for of tell
writing for to tell
writing for in tell
writing for for tell
writing for with tell
writing for on tell
writing for at tell
writing for by tell
writing for from tell
writing for up tell
writing for about tell
writing for than tell
writing for after tell
writing for before tell
writing for down tell
writing for between tell
writing for under tell
writing for since tell
writing for without tell
writing for near tell
query: writing for to tell
output: 0
